# 30장면으로 끝내는 스크린 영어회화 - 인사이드 아웃



## Day 1

> JOY (V.O.)   
>
> This is Disgust. She basically keeps Riley from being poisoned, physically and socially.   
>
> 
>
> DISGUST   
>
> That is not brightly colored or shaped like a dinosaur... Hold on guys... It’s broccoli!   
>
> 
>
> DISGUST   
>
> Well, I just saved our lives. Yeah. You're welcome.   
>
> 
>
> DAD      
>
> Riley, if you don’t eat your dinner, you’re not going to get any dessert.   
>
> 
>
> ANGER    
>
> Wait. Did he just say we couldn’t have dessert?   
>
> 
>
> JOY (V.O.)   
>
> That’s Anger. He cares very deeply about things being fair.   





## Day 2

> JOY (V.O.)   
>
> I’m not actually sure what she does. And I’ve checked, there’s no place for her to go, so she’s good, we’re good. It’s all great!   
>
> 
>
> JOY (V.O.)   
>
> Anyway! These are Riley’s memories-and they’re mostly happy, you’ll notice, not to brag.   
>
> 
>
> JOY (V.O.)   
>
> But the REALLY important ones are over here. I don’t want to get too technical, but these are called CORE MEMORIES.   
>
> 
>
> JOY (V.O.)   
>
> Each one came from a superimportant time in Riley’s life. Like when she first scored a goal? That was so amazing!   





## Day 3

> JOY (V.O.)   
>
> Hey look! The Golden Gate Bridge! Isn’t that great?! It’s not made out of solid gold like we thought, which is kind of a disappointment, but still!   
>
> 
>
> FEAR   
>
> I sure am glad you told me earthquakes are a myth, Joy. Otherwise I’d be terrified right now!   
>
> 
>
> JOY    
>
> Uh... yeah.   
>
> 
>
> ANGER    
>
> These are my kind of people!   
>
> 
>
> DAD    
>
> All right, just a few more blocks. We’re almost to our new house!   
>
> 
>
> ANGER    
>
> Step on it, Daddy!   
>
> 
>
> DISGUST    
>
> Why don't we just live in this smelly car? We've already been in it forever.   
>
> 
>
> JOY    
>
> Which, actually, was really lucky, because that gave us plenty of time to think about what our new house is going to look like! Let’s review the top five daydreams.   





## Day 4

> JOY (O.S.)   
>
> Now we’re getting close, I can feel it. Here it is, here’s our new house... and...   
>
> 
>
> JOY    
>
> Maybe it’s nice on the inside.
>
> 
>
> ANGER (V.O.) 
>
> We’re supposed to live here?
>
> 
>
> SADNESS (V.O.) 
>
> Do we have to?
>
> 
>
> DISGUST (V.O.)
>
> I’m telling you, it smells like something died in here.
>
> 
>
> FEAR 
>
> Can you die from moving?
>
> 
>
> JOY 
>
> Guys, you’re overreacting. Nobody is dying--
>
> 
>
> DISGUST 
>
> A DEAD MOUSE!!!
>
> 
>
> DISGUST (O.S.) (CONT’D) 
>
> I’m gonna be sick...
>
> 
>
> ANGER (O.S.) 
>
> Great, this is just great.
>
> 
>
> FEAR (O.S.)
>
> Ahhhhh!! It’s the house of the dead! What are we gonna do?! We’re gonna get rabies!!!
>
> 
>
> ANGER 
>
> GET OFFA ME!!!
>
> 
>
> JOY 
>
> Hey, hey, hey, all through the drive Dad talked about how cool our new room is. Let’s go check it out!
>
> 
>
> FEAR/ANGER/DISGUST (O.S.) 
>
> You’re right, Joy/Yeah!/That’s right!/Yes, yes, yes!
>
> 
>
> FEAR/DISGUST/ANGER (O.S.) 
>
> No, no, no, no, no./I’m starting to envy the dead mouse.
>
> 
>
> ANGER
>
> Get out the rubber ball, we’re in solitary confinement.





## Day 5

> FEAR 
>
> Dad just left us.
>
> 
>
> SADNESS 
>
> Oh, he doesn’t love us anymore. That’s sad. I should drive, right?
>
> 
>
> SADNESS (CONT’D) 
>
> Joy? What are you doing?
>
> 
>
> JOY
>
>  Uh, just uh, gimme one second... You know what I’ve realized? Riley hasn’t had lunch!
>
> Remember?
>
> 
>
> RILEY 
>
> Hey I saw a pizza place down the street. Maybe we could try that?
>
> 
>
> MOM 
>
> Pizza sounds delicious!
>
> 
>
> FEAR/ANGER/DISGUST 
>
> Yeah!/Pizza!/Good idea, Joy.
>
> 
>
> FEAR/JOY/DISGUST 
>
> What the HECK IS THAT?! / Who puts broccoli on pizza? / That’s it. I’m done.
>
> 
>
> ANGER 
>
> Congratulations, San Francisco, you’ve ruined pizza! First the Hawaiians, and now YOU!
>
> 
>
> MOM 
>
> What kind of a pizza place only serves one kind of pizza? Must be a San Francisco thing, huh?
>
> 
>
> MOM
>
>  Still, it’s not as bad as the soup at that diner in Nebraska.





## Day 6

> JOY 
>
> Well... uh... You know what? You can’t focus on what’s going wrong. There’s always a way to turn things around, to find the fun!
>
> 
>
> SADNESS 
>
> Yeah. Find the fun. I don’t know how to do that.
>
> 
>
> JOY
>
>  Okay. Well, try think of something funny!
>
> 
>
> Long pause.
>
> 
>
> SADNESS 
>
> Oh! Remember the funny movie where the dog dies?
>
> 
>
> JOY 
>
> Yeah, that’s not...(tries another approach) What about that time with Meg, when Riley laughed so hard milk came out of her nose? I mean come on...
>
> 
>
> INSERT: Riley spitting milk out of her nose, Meg laughing.
>
> 
>
> SADNESS 
>
> Yeah, that hurt. It felt like fire. Ooh, it was awful.
>
> 
>
> JOY 
>
> Okay, okay, don’t think of that. Let’s try something else. What are your favorite things to do?





## Day 7

> DAD (O.S.)
>
> (on phone) What can we do? We’ve only got capital to last a month, maybe two. If we can't find investors by then, we’re going to have to lay people off.
>
> 
>
> Riley hears the stress in Dad’s voice.
>
> 
>
> RILEY 
>
> Mom! Dad! Come kiss me g’night!
>
> 
>
> MOM
>
>  Be right there!
>
> 
>
> DAD (on phone) 
>
> I know, I know! We’ve got to land this, okay?
>
> 
>
> Riley heads back upstairs. INSIDE OUT
>
> 
>
> 28.
>
> INT. RILEY’S ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
>
> Riley climbs into her sleeping bag.
>
> INT. HEADQUARTERS
>
> 
>
> FEAR 
>
> Did you hear Dad? He sounded really upset.
>
> 
>
> INT. RILEY’S ROOM
>
> STRANGE NOISES from outside. Headlights cast shadows on the wall. Riley looks scared.
>
> INT. HEADQUARTERS
>
> 
>
> FEAR 
>
> What was that? Was it a bear? It’s a bear!
>
> 
>
> DISGUST 
>
> There are no bears in San Francisco!
>
> 
>
> ANGER 
>
> I saw a really hairy guy. He looked like a bear.
>
> 
>
> FEAR 
>
> Oh, I’m so jumpy, my nerves are shot!
>
> 
>
> DISGUST 
>
> Ew, I don’t want to hear about your nerves!





## Day 8

> JOY (CONT’D) 
>
> Okay, first day of school! Very, very exciting! I was up late last night figuring out a new plan. Here it is.
>
> (to Fear) Fear! I need a list of all the possible negative outcomes on the first day at a new school.
>
> 
>
> FEAR 
>
> Way ahead of you there. Does anyone know how to spell “meteor?”
>
> 
>
> JOY 
>
> Disgust! Make sure Riley stands out today... but also blends in.
>
> 
>
> DISGUST 
>
> When I’m through, Riley will look so good the other kids will look at their own outfits and barf.
>
> 
>
> JOY (addressing herself) 
>
> Joy! Yes Joy? You’ll be in charge of the console, keeping Riley happy all day long. And may I add I love your dress, it’s adorable. Oh, This ol’ thing? Thank you so much, I love the way it twirls...





## Day 9

> RILEY 
>
> I know! I’m kinda nervous, but I’m mostly excited! How do I look? Do you like my shirt?
>
> 
>
> INT. HEADQUARTERS
>
> 
>
> Joy 
>
> looks back at Family Island, working away.
>
> 
>
> INT. SAN FRANCISCO HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 
>
> 
>
> MOM 
>
> Very cute! You gonna be okay? You want us to walk with you?
>
> 
>
> INT. HEADQUARTERS 
>
> 
>
> DISGUST 
>
> Mom and Dad? With us in public? No thank you.
>
> 
>
> JOY 
>
> (operating console) I’m on it.
>
> 
>
> INT. SAN FRANCISCO HOUSE 
>
> 
>
> RILEY 
>
> Nope, I’m fine. Bye Mom! Bye Dad!
>
> 
>
> DAD 
>
> (covering phone) Have a good day at school, Monkey!
>
> 
>
> All three make monkey sounds at each other.
>
> 
>
> INT. HEADQUARTERS Goofball Island works out the back window.
>
> INT. SAN FRANCISCO HOUSE Riley giggles as she exits.
>
> 
>
> MOM 
>
> Have a great day, sweetheart.
>
> 
>
> EXT. SCHOOL - MORNING Riley walks up to her new school. New kids everywhere. She hesitates.
>
> 
>
> FEAR (O.S.)
>
> Are you sure we want to do this?
>
> 
>
> JOY (O.S.)
>
> In we go!
>
> 
>
> FEAR (O.S.)
>
>  Okayyy! Going in! Yes.
>
> 
>
> Riley perks up and walks in.
>
> INT. CLASSROOM - MORNING
>
> Riley sits at her desk and looks at the other kids in class.
>
> 
>
> DISGUST (O.S.)
>
> Okay, we’ve got a group of cool girls at 2 o’clock.
>
> 
>
> INT. HEADQUARTERS - CONTINUOUS
>
> 
>
> JOY
>
>  How do you know?





## Day 10

> INT. CLASSROOM
>
> 
>
> RILEY 
>
> (sniffling) We used to play tag and stuff...
>
> 
>
> INT. HEADQUARTERS
>
> 
>
> DISGUST 
>
> Cool kids whispering at 3 o’clock!
>
> 
>
> INT. CLASSROOM
>
> The other kids whisper and stare.
>
> INT. HEADQUARTERS
>
> 
>
> FEAR 
>
> Did you see that look?!? They’re judging us!
>
> 
>
> JOY
>
> Oh no.
>
> 
>
> Joy tries pulling the memory. Anger, Fear and Disgust help.
>
> 
>
> JOY 
>
> (CONT’D) Somebody help me. Grab that... everybody...
>
> 
>
> They pull with all their might, but the memory’s not budging.
>
> INT. CLASSROOM 
>
> 
>
> RILEY 
>
> But everything’s different now. Since we moved...
>
> 
>
> TEARS stream down Riley’s face.
>
> INT. HEADQUARTERS 
>
> 
>
> FEAR 
>
> Oh no! We’re CRYING AT SCHOOL!!!
>
> 
>
> Joy turns to the console. SADNESS IS DRIVING.
>
> 
>
> JOY 
>
> What? No! Sadness, what are you doing?
>
> 
>
> Joy finally yanks the memory out. She runs to the console and pulls Sadness away from the controls.
>
> 
>
> SADNESS 
>
> Oh no, I'm sorry... I... oh...
>
> 
>
> PING! A memory is created. BRIGHT BLUE.
>
> 
>
> JOY 
>
> Huh?
>
> 
>
> ANGER 
>
> Whoa!
>
> 
>
> FEAR 
>
> It’s a core memory!
>
> 
>
> DISGUST 
>
> But it’s blue!
>
> 
>
> The bright blue core memory rolls through the memory shelf and STARTS TOWARDS THE CORE MEMORY HOLDER!
>
> 
>
> JOY 
>
> No wait... stop it! No! Ahh!
>
> 
>
> Joy leaps to the holder and pops it open, preventing the new blue core memory from going in. Joy grabs it.
>
> She pushes the end-of-day “memory flush” button. The tube comes down from the ceiling.
>
> 
>
> SADNESS 
>
> (trying to take her memory back from Joy) Joy, no. That’s a core memory, Joy!
>
> 
>
> JOY 
>
> Hey! Stop it. Let go.
>
> 
>
> As they struggle, they bump into the Core Memory Holder, KNOCKING ALL OF THE CORE MEMORIES OUT onto the floor.
>
> 
>
> FEAR/DISGUST/ANGER FEAR 
>
> Ahh! The core memories!
>
> 
>
> Out the window, the ISLANDS OF PERSONALITY GO DARK.
>
> INT. CLASSROOM Riley, her face tear-stained, looks up.
>
> INT. HEADQUARTERS
>
> 
>
> JOY
>
> Ahh!
>
> 
>
> Joy tosses the blue core memory aside to collect the yellow core memories.
>
> Sadness grabs the blue core memory and heads to the Core Memory Holder to plug it in. Joy lunges, knocking the blue core memory out of Sadness’s hands. It’s SUCKED UP the vacuum tube.
>
> Joy trips backward. In the chaos a yellow core memory rolls toward the tube.
>
> 
>
> JOY 
>
> (CONT’D) No, no, no, no!
>
> 
>
> She reaches to grab it and gets sucked up the tube herself, along with the other core memories -- and Sadness!
>
> Fear, Anger and Disgust now stand alone in Headquarters. A stunned silence as the tube retracts.
>
> INT. CLASSROOM Riley sits and wipes her tears.
>
> 
>
> TEACHER 
>
> Thank you, Riley. I know it can be tough moving to a new place, but we're happy to have you here. Alright everyone, get out your history books and turn to chapter seven.





