# ENG 2018 10 26



## 1

Hello, I'm calling because I'd like to to temporarily stop my mail delivery. I'm going to be out of town for the next two weeks.

<br>

Certainly, We can hold your mail here at the post office for you. But you'll need to put in your request at least a day before you leave.

<br>

That sounds great. Do I need to come into the office and complete a form?

<br>

No, actually, you have to submit the hold mail form on our Web site.

<br>

## 2

Thank you for the generous introduction, Mr. Park. I am delighted to be here tonight to receive this prestigious award. I have been an avid reader since my childhood, but my interest in writing didn't start until I was at university when I wrote for a campus newspaper. At around the same time, I started writing short stories as a hobby. I never imagined that my hobby would turn into a career! If Mr. Oberly, my agent, hadn't encouraged me to submit my writing to publishers ten years ago, I wouldn't be standing here today; so, Mr. Oberly, thank you --- I couldn't have asked for a better agent. I would also like to thank all of my readers --- I will continue to share my stories with you.

<br>

## 3

Good morning. I'm here to talk about the new security system. This week the security department will be contacting each of you to set up an appointment to get your picture taken. The security department will use the pictures to make an identification card for each employee. You must wear your identification card at all times while you're on company property. Your card will also unlock the doors of the building, so, unlike now, you will not be able to enter the building without it. We're confident the new security system will make our company a safer place to work.

<br>

## 4

At Monterrey's Cycle shop, we're making it easier than ever for the whole family to stay in shape and enjoy the outdoors. This summer, we're offering special savings opportunities. When you buy two or more items, you will receive a 30% discount on your purchase. That's a huge savings! And be sure to stop in and see our great selection of children's bikes. All purchases for children include a free video about bicycle safety. So come by soon and let the fun begin at Monterrey's!

<br>

## 5

Ms. Hughes? It's Martin Johnson here, the owner of the building. I'm calling to let you and other tenants know that city workers will be making some repairs on the building's waterlines on Saturday, May 12. They'll be turning off the water between 8 A.M. and 4 P.M. I would suggest making arrangements to be out of the apartment that day, since the repair work will probably be fairly noisy. Please give me a call at 555-0122 if you have any questions. Thanks.

<br>

## 6

I got our warehouse's safety report from the city inspector this morning. The inspector, Mr Yang, was here last week, and I'm happy to report that he only noted a few things we should fix so they don't become problems. Mr. Yang had one major suggestion — to replace the railing on the stairway. After the meeting ends, I'll e-mail a list of the other issues we need to address. 

<br>

## 7

Hi, Mr. Reed, this is Margo from Tweed Menswear. I'm calling to let you know that we're finished with the alterations on the trousers you purchased. The shop will be closed next week, so if you're unable to pick them up by Friday, you'll have to wait until we reopen on September first. Thank you again for your business, and we hope to see you soon.

<br>

## 8

Welcome to the sixth annual Corzell Technology Convention. I know you're looking forward to a weekend filled with software demonstrations, workshops, and some fantastic exhibits of the latest computer technology. Those of you who participated in previous conventions will notice something new this year - we now have internet access in all our meeting rooms. One final note: if you're planning to attend the computer networking workshop, the weekend's final activity, there's been a change. It will be held in the Hudson Room, not the Bayside Center.

<br>

## 9

Hello, this is Natasha Klein. I had dinner at your restaurant last night, and I think I left my mobile phone there. I was sitting in a booth at the back of the dining room, and my purse  was on the seat. The phone must have fallen out when I took out my credit card to pay for dinner. Could you please call and let me know if the phone's been found? If so, I could stop by this afternoon to pick it up. You can reach me at my work number -- 555-0196. Thank you.

<br>

## 10

I know you've all been waiting to find out who our board of directors selected to receive the Graystone Achievement Award. This award recognizes an employee who's really contributed a lot to our work here at LC Sportwear. This year we're proud to present the award to Juan Mendez from the graphic design department. He did an outstanding job creating our new company logo. This image is what consumers see on every one of our athletic products, and Juan's striking design is sure to attract more attention.

<br>

## 11

Attention Tuckman Department Store customers. Stop by the home decorating department to meet renowned interior designer, Midori Nagai. At noon she'll be giving a presentation on her top ten home decorating tips. She will explain ways to decorate on a budget by using items you probably already have around the house. She has included many of these suggestions in her new book, In Your Home. And after her presentation, Ms. Nagai will be signing copies of her book. Don't miss today's special event, and thank you for shopping at Tuckman's!

<br>

## 12

Mr. Durand, this is Laura Chong. I've just finished the safety inspection of your lab and wanted to let you know the results. Overall, your facility passes with high marks, so you're in good shape. Most of the things I looked at, such as whether the floor was clear of objects and the equipment was properly stored, were fine. The only thing you need to do is put up a sign indicating where the fire extinguisher is. All of your workers may know where it is, but someone new who comes to the lab would need to know where to find it.

<br>

## 13

Good afternoon. As vice president of the Bach Company sales division, I am proud to share with you today some extremely positive news. Our company has just reported a second-quarter gain of nearly 10 percent in sales. I attribute this growth to excellent customer service and the expansion of our product line. I am sure you will all be pleased to know that the positive growth of our firm ensures that all employees will receive a bonus in May.

<br>

## 14

Hi, Susan. This is Mike calling from Atlantic Publishers. I know you're in Miami on vacation, but I'm calling regarding your manuscript. Before you left for this trip, I think you sent us the wrong version of your book by mistake. I began to make changes, and then I realized that this was the old version. I need your final manuscript as soon as possible so that I can review it and send it to the printing company. They are still hoping to print it by the end of next month. I'll be in Houston on business for a few days, but you can reach me on my cell phone. Have a good vacation, Susan, and I'll talk to you soon.

<br>

## 15

In today's business news, Patel Enterprises announced a drop in profits of seven percent in its fourth quarter. According to the company's owner, the loss was most likely due to an increase in the price of steel. Patel is the largest construction company in the area and has been hurt before by increases in the price of building materials, such as steel. This quarter's loss of seven percent makes Patel a very attractive candidate for purchase by other companies. In fact, Dinh Industries, Patel's main competitor, has expressed interest in purchasing Patel for thirty-seven million dollars. It remains to be seen whether the owner of Patel will take this offer.

<br>

## 16

Are you looking for a travel agency with a solid reputation and a knowledgeable staff? Then look no further than Benson's Travel Agency located in downtown Andover. Benson's Travel Agency has been in business for 30 years, helping customers book reasonably priced trips worldwide. We specialize in tours in Asia, especially of Japan and Korea. In fact, we're currently offering discount airfare on 10-day guided trips to Tokyo, Osaka, and Kyoto. Or if you are planning a trip to Europe and Latin America, our expert agents can assist you with all of the arrangements. Just give us a call at 256-3458 or stop by our conveniently located office.

<br>

## 17

Digital Signal Processing is distinguished from other areas in computer science by the unique type of data it uses: signals. In most cases, these signals originate as sensory data from the real world: seismic vibrations, visual images, sound waves, etc. DSP is the mathematics, the algorithms, and the techniques used to manipulate these signals after they have been converted into a digital form. This includes a wide variety of goals, such as: enhancement of visual images, recognition and generation of speech, compression of data for storage and transmission, etc. Suppose we attach an analog-to-digital converter to a computer and use it to acquire a chunk of real world data. DSP answers the question: What next?

<br>

## 18

MIT researchers have taken a step toward solving a longstanding challenge with wireless communication: direct data transmission between underwater and airborne devices. <br>

Today, underwater sensors cannot share data with those on land, as both use different wireless signals that only work in their respective mediums. Radio signals that travel through air die very rapidly in water. Acoustic signals, or sonar, sent by underwater devices mostly reflect off the surface without ever breaking through. This causes inefficiencies and other issues for a variety of applications, such as ocean exploration and submarine-to-plane communication.

<br>

## 19

In a paper being presented at this week’s SIGCOMM conference, MIT Media Lab researchers have designed a system that tackles this problem in a novel way. An underwater transmitter directs a sonar signal to the water’s surface, causing tiny vibrations that correspond to the 1s and 0s transmitted. Above the surface, a highly sensitive receiver reads these minute disturbances and decodes the sonar signal. <br>

“Trying to cross the air-water boundary with wireless signals has been an obstacle. Our idea is to transform the obstacle itself into a medium through which to communicate,” says Fadel Adib, an assistant professor in the Media Lab, who is leading this research. He co-authored the paper with his graduate student Francesco Tonolini.

<br>

## 20

The system, called “translational acoustic-RF communication” (TARF), is still in its early stages, Adib says. But it represents a “milestone,” he says, that could open new capabilities in water-air communications. Using the system, military submarines, for instance, wouldn’t need to surface to communicate with airplanes, compromising their location. And underwater drones that monitor marine life wouldn’t need to constantly resurface from deep dives to send data to researchers. <br>

Another promising application is aiding searches for planes that go missing underwater. “Acoustic transmitting beacons can be implemented in, say, a plane’s black box,” Adib says. “If it transmits a signal every once in a while, you’d be able to use the system to pick up that signal.”

<br>

## 21

Decoding vibrations <br>

Today’s technological workarounds to this wireless communication issue suffer from various drawbacks. Buoys, for instance, have been designed to pick up sonar waves, process the data, and shoot radio signals to airborne receivers. But these can drift away and get lost. Many are also required to cover large areas, making them impracticable for, say, submarine-to-surface communications. <br>

TARF includes an underwater acoustic transmitter that sends sonar signals using a standard acoustic speaker. The signals travel as pressure waves of different frequencies corresponding to different data bits. For example, when the transmitter wants to send a 0, it can transmit a wave traveling at 100 hertz; for a 1, it can transmit a 200-hertz wave. When the signal hits the surface, it causes tiny ripples in the water, only a few micrometers in height, corresponding to those frequencies.

<br>

## 22

To achieve high data rates, the system transmits multiple frequencies at the same time, building on a modulation scheme used in wireless communication, called orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing. This lets the researchers transmit hundreds of bits at once. <br>

Positioned in the air above the transmitter is a new type of extremely-high-frequency radar that processes signals in the millimeter wave spectrum of wireless transmission, between 30 and 300 gigahertz. (That’s the band where the upcoming high-frequency 5G wireless network will operate.)

<br>

## 23

The radar, which looks like a pair of cones, transmits a radio signal that reflects off the vibrating surface and rebounds back to the radar. Due to the way the signal collides with the surface vibrations, the signal returns with a slightly modulated angle that corresponds exactly to the data bit sent by the sonar signal. A vibration on the water surface representing a 0 bit, for instance, will cause the reflected signal’s angle to vibrate at 100 hertz. <br>

“The radar reflection is going to vary a little bit whenever you have any form of displacement like on the surface of the water,” Adib says. “By picking up these tiny angle changes, we can pick up these variations that correspond to the sonar signal.”

<br>

## 24

Listening to “the whisper” <br>

A key challenge was helping the radar detect the water surface. To do so, the researchers employed a technology that detects reflections in an environment and organizes them by distance and power. As water has the most powerful reflection in the new system’s environment, the radar knows the distance to the surface. Once that’s established, it zooms in on the vibrations at that distance, ignoring all other nearby disturbances. <br>

The next major challenge was capturing micrometer waves surrounded by much larger, natural waves. The smallest ocean ripples on calm days, called capillary waves, are only about 2 centimeters tall, but that’s 100,000 times larger than the vibrations. Rougher seas can create waves 1 million times larger. “This interferes with the tiny acoustic vibrations at the water surface,” Adib says. “It’s as if someone’s screaming and you’re trying to hear someone whispering at the same time.”

<br>

## 25

To solve this, the researchers developed sophisticated signal-processing algorithms. Natural waves occur at about 1 or 2 hertz — or, a wave or two moving over the signal area every second. The sonar vibrations of 100 to 200 hertz, however, are a hundred times faster. Because of this frequency differential, the algorithm zeroes in on the fast-moving waves while ignoring the slower ones. <br>

Testing the waters <br>

The researchers took TARF through 500 test runs in a water tank and in two different swimming pools on MIT’s campus.

<br>

## 26

In the tank, the radar was placed at ranges from 20 centimeters to 40 centimeters above the surface, and the sonar transmitter was placed from 5 centimeters to 70 centimeters below the surface. In the pools, the radar was positioned about 30 centimeters above surface, while the transmitter was immersed about 3.5 meters below. In these experiments, the researchers also had swimmers creating waves that rose to about 16 centimeters. <br>

In both settings, TARF was able to accurately decode various data — such as the sentence, “Hello! from underwater” — at hundreds of bits per second, similar to standard data rates for underwater communications. “Even while there were swimmers swimming around and causing disturbances and water currents, we were able to decode these signals quickly and accurately,” Adib says.

<br>

## 27

In waves higher than 16 centimeters, however, the system isn’t able to decode signals. The next steps are, among other things, refining the system to work in rougher waters. “It can deal with calm days and deal with certain water disturbances. But [to make it practical] we need this to work on all days and all weathers,” Adib says. <br>

“TARF is the first system that demonstrates that it is feasible to receive underwater acoustic transmissions from the air using radar,” says Aaron Schulman, an assistant professor of computer science and engineering at the University of California at San Diego. “I expect this new radar-acoustic technology will benefit researchers in fields that depend on underwater acoustics (for example, marine biology), and will inspire the scientific community to investigate how to make radar-acoustic links practical and robust.” <br>

The researchers also hope that their system could eventually enable an airborne drone or plane flying across a water’s surface to constantly pick up and decode the sonar signals as it zooms by. <br>

The research was supported, in part, by the National Science Foundation.

<br>

## 28

MIT researchers have developed a system that can produce images of objects shrouded by fog so thick that human vision can’t penetrate it. It can also gauge the objects’ distance. <br>

An inability to handle misty driving conditions has been one of the chief obstacles to the development of autonomous vehicular navigation systems that use visible light, which are preferable to radar-based systems for their high resolution and ability to read road signs and track lane markers. So, the MIT system could be a crucial step toward self-driving cars.

<br>

## 29

The researchers tested the system using a small tank of water with the vibrating motor from a humidifier immersed in it. In fog so dense that human vision could penetrate only 36 centimeters, the system was able to resolve images of objects and gauge their depth at a range of 57 centimeters.

<br>

## 30

Fifty-seven centimeters is not a great distance, but the fog produced for the study is far denser than any that a human driver would have to contend with; in the real world, a typical fog might afford a visibility of about 30 to 50 meters. The vital point is that the system performed better than human vision, whereas most imaging systems perform far worse. A navigation system that was even as good as a human driver at driving in fog would be a huge breakthrough.

<br>

## 31

“I decided to take on the challenge of developing a system that can see through actual fog,” says Guy Satat, a graduate student in the MIT Media Lab, who led the research. “We’re dealing with realistic fog, which is dense, dynamic, and heterogeneous. It is constantly moving and changing, with patches of denser or less-dense fog. Other methods are not designed to cope with such realistic scenarios.”

<br>

## 32

Satat and his colleagues describe their system in a paper they’ll present at the International Conference on Computational Photography in May. Satat is first author on the paper, and he’s joined by his thesis advisor, associate professor of media arts and sciences Ramesh Raskar, and by Matthew Tancik, who was a graduate student in electrical engineering and computer science when the work was done.

<br>

## 33

Playing the odds <br>

Like many of the projects undertaken in Raskar’s Camera Culture Group, the new system uses a time-of-flight camera, which fires ultrashort bursts of laser light into a scene and measures the time it takes their reflections to return.

<br>

## 34

On a clear day, the light’s return time faithfully indicates the distances of the objects that reflected it. But fog causes light to “scatter,” or bounce around in random ways. In foggy weather, most of the light that reaches the camera’s sensor will have been reflected by airborne water droplets, not by the types of objects that autonomous vehicles need to avoid. And even the light that does reflect from potential obstacles will arrive at different times, having been deflected by water droplets on both the way out and the way back.

<br>

## 35

The MIT system gets around this problem by using statistics. The patterns produced by fog-reflected light vary according to the fog’s density: On average, light penetrates less deeply into a thick fog than it does into a light fog. But the MIT researchers were able to show that, no matter how thick the fog, the arrival times of the reflected light adhere to a statistical pattern known as a gamma distribution.

<br>

## 36

Gamma distributions are somewhat more complex than Gaussian distributions, the common distributions that yield the familiar bell curve: They can be asymmetrical, and they can take on a wider variety of shapes. But like Gaussian distributions, they’re completely described by two variables. The MIT system estimates the values of those variables on the fly and uses the resulting distribution to filter fog reflection out of the light signal that reaches the time-of-flight camera’s sensor.

<br>

## 37

Crucially, the system calculates a different gamma distribution for each of the 1,024 pixels in the sensor. That’s why it’s able to handle the variations in fog density that foiled earlier systems: It can deal with circumstances in which each pixel sees a different type of fog.

<br>

## 38

Signature shapes <br>

The camera counts the number of light particles, or photons, that reach it every 56 picoseconds, or trillionths of a second. The MIT system uses those raw counts to produce a histogram — essentially a bar graph, with the heights of the bars indicating the photon counts for each interval. Then it finds the gamma distribution that best fits the shape of the bar graph and simply subtracts the associated photon counts from the measured totals. What remain are slight spikes at the distances that correlate with physical obstacles.

<br>

## 39

“What’s nice about this is that it’s pretty simple,” Satat says. “If you look at the computation and the method, it’s surprisingly not complex. We also don’t need any prior knowledge about the fog and its density, which helps it to work in a wide range of fog conditions.”

<br>

## 40

Satat tested the system using a fog chamber a meter long. Inside the chamber, he mounted regularly spaced distance markers, which provided a rough measure of visibility. He also placed a series of small objects — a wooden figurine, wooden blocks, silhouettes of letters — that the system was able to image even when they were indiscernible to the naked eye.

<br>

## 41

There are different ways to measure visibility, however: Objects with different colors and textures are visible through fog at different distances. So, to assess the system’s performance, he used a more rigorous metric called optical depth, which describes the amount of light that penetrates the fog.

<br>

## 42

Optical depth is independent of distance, so the performance of the system on fog that has a particular optical depth at a range of 1 meter should be a good predictor of its performance on fog that has the same optical depth at a range of 30 meters. In fact, the system may even fare better at longer distances, as the differences between photons’ arrival times will be greater, which could make for more accurate histograms.

<br>

## 43

“Bad weather is one of the big remaining hurdles to address for autonomous driving technology,” says Srinivasa Narasimhan, a professor of computer science at Carnegie Mellon University. “Guy and Ramesh’s innovative work produces the best visibility enhancement I have seen at visible or near-infrared wavelengths and has the potential to be implemented on cars very soon.”

<br>







<br><br>

36 page

| 감기가 떨어지다        | shake off a cold                |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| 귀가 밝다              | have a good ears                |
| 기억이 가물가물하다    | barely remember                 |
| 낯이 익다              | look familiar                   |
| 눈곱이 끼다            | Have sleep in one's eyes        |
| 눈에 띄다              | one can't miss A                |
| 눈이 침침하다          | Things look blurry              |
| 다 방법이 있다         | I've got my ways                |
| 돈 아깝다              | not get one's money's worth     |
| 마음이 넓다            | Open-minded                     |
| 마음이 무겁다          | weigh A down                    |
| 마음이 복잡하다        | Have a lot on one's mind        |
| 마음이 없다            | not interested in A             |
| 말은 쉽다              | easier said than done           |
| 말이 많다              | there is a lot of talk          |
| 말주변이 없다          | not good with words             |
| 맛이 가다              | Taste funny                     |
| 머리가 깨질 듯  아프다 | hava a splitting headache       |
| 명성이 자자하다        | hava a great reputation         |
| 목이 쉬다              | lose one's voice                |
| 목이 좋다              | be in a good location           |
| 몸매가 좋다            | hava a nice figure              |
| 복권이 꽝이다          | not win a prize                 |
| 성격이 무난한          | Easy-going (person)             |
| 속이 보이다            | see right through A             |
| 손이 차다              | have cold hands                 |
| 술버릇이 고약하다      | a mean drunk                    |
| 시간이 안 나다         | can't find the time             |
| 잘 어울리다            | look good on A                  |
| 얼굴이 빨개지다        | red in the face                 |
| 예약이 모두 차다       | fully booked                    |
| 음식이 당기다          | Hava a craving for              |
| 의리가 있다            | be loyal                        |
| 일손이 달리다          | need an extra hand              |
| 일진이 사납다          | not one's day                   |
| 정신이 팔리다          | caught up in A                  |
| 코가 막히다            | have a stuffy nose              |
| 티가 나다              | can tell the difference         |
| 감을 잡다              | get the hang of A               |
| 걷잡을 수 없게 되다    | get out of hand                 |
| 궤도에 오르다          | get underway                    |
| 길들여지다             | get used to                     |
| 내가 낼게              | let me get this                 |
| 말이 통하다            | get along                       |
| 바람 쐬다              | get a breath of fresh air       |
| 바이러스 걸리다        | the computer got a virus        |
| 본론으로 들어가다      | get to the point                |
| 생사람 잡다            | get the wrong person            |
| 앙갚음하다             | get back at A                   |
| 얼렁뚱땅 넘어가다      | get away with                   |
| 잘 되어가다            | get along with                  |
| 잘리다                 | get fired                       |
| 잘못 짚다              | get A all wrong                 |
| 재미 붙이다            | get into                        |
| 차이다                 | get dumped                      |
| 차 한잔 하러 가다      | go get a cup of coffee          |
| 한숨도 못 자다         | not get a wink of sleep         |
| (~한 점을) 높이 사다   | give A credit                   |
| 등골이 오싹하다        | give A the shivers              |
| 못살게 굴다            | give A a hard time              |
| 박수를 보내다          | give A a big hand               |
| 소름끼치다             | give A the creeps               |
| 애를 먹이다            | give A trouble                  |
| 더치페이 하다          | go Dutch                        |
| 마음을 비우다          | let A go                        |
| 반반씩 부담하다        | go hanf-and-half                |
| 오버하다               | go overboard                    |
| 일이 꼬이다            | go wrong                        |
| 진통을 시작하다        | go into labor                   |
| 집을 보러 다니다       | go house-hunting                |
| 경련이 나다            | have a cramp                    |
| 과외시키다, 과외하다   | Have a tutor                    |
| 바람 피우다            | have an affair                  |
| 사랑 싸움하다          | have a lover's quarrel          |
| (~에) 약하다           | have a weakness for             |
| 이를 때우다            | have one's tooth filled         |
| 적금을 들다            | hava a savings installment plan |
| 짝사랑하다             | have a crush on A               |
| 콧물을 훌쩍거리다      | have the sniffles               |
| 뜨다                   | take off                        |
| 어림짐작으로 ~하다     | take a shot at doing            |
| 연차를 내다            | take one's annual leave         |
| 위험을 감수하다        | take risks                      |
| 전적으로 책임이 있다   | take full responsibility        |
| 찍다                   | take a guess                    |
| 표결에 부치다          | take a vote on A                |
| (휴가 내서) 하루 쉬다  | take a day off                  |
| 한 발 물러서다         | take a step back                |
| 한숨 돌리다            | take a breather                 |
| 화풀이하다             | take it out on A                |
| 거리를 두다            | keep one's distance             |
| 삼가다                 | keep away from                  |
| 남을 탓하다            | put the blame on A              |
| 더 이상 못 참다        | can't put up with               |
| 만사를 제쳐 놓다       | put everything aside            |
| 모든 것을 걸다         | put everything on the line      |
| 곱빼기로 먹다          | make it a double order          |
| 얼버무리다             | make something up               |
| 엄살을 부리다          | make a fuss                     |

<br>

76 page

| 지긋지긋하다        | make A sick                |
| ------------------- | -------------------------- |
| 고정관념을 깨다     | do away with stereotypes   |
| 신통하게 잘 듣다    | do wonders                 |
| 어림도 없다         | won't do                   |
| 가면을 쓰다         | mask                       |
| 가시를 바르다       | debone                     |
| 군침이 돌다         | one's mouth waters         |
| 긴장을 풀다         | Loosen up                  |
| 신발을 길들이다     | break in                   |
| 깜박 졸다           | doze off                   |
| 꼼짝을 못하다       | be tied up                 |
| 나잇값 하다         | act one's age              |
| 녹초가 되다         | be worn out                |
| 눈이 멀다           | blinded by                 |
| 대충 때우다         | wing it                    |
| 더위가 한풀 꺾이다  | cool off                   |
| 두각을 나타내다     | stand out                  |
| 띄워 주다           | butter A up                |
| 마음대로 해         | suit yourself              |
| 마음에 걸리다       | eat A                      |
| 마음이 들뜨다       | key up                     |
| 모임을 마치다       | wrap up                    |
| 망치다              | blow it                    |
| 멀리하다            | stay away                  |
| 몸을 풀다           | limber up                  |
| 못을 박다           | nail A down                |
| 문을 닫다           | close down                 |
| 미역국을 먹다       | flunk                      |
| 바가지 긁다         | nag                        |
| 바가지 씌우다       | rip off                    |
| 박차를 가하다       | step up                    |
| 벼락치기 하다       | cram                       |
| 보람이 있다         | pay off                    |
| 분위기를 띄우다     | spice up                   |
| 빈둥거리다          | goof off                   |
| 빠지세요            | butt out                   |
| 빼입다              | dressed up                 |
| 삐치다              | ticked off                 |
| 새치기하다          | cut in                     |
| 선수를 치다         | beat A to it               |
| 술이 깨다           | sober up                   |
| 시험을 잘 보다      | ace A                      |
| 약 올리다           | bug A                      |
| 얹혀 살다           | mooch off of A             |
| 용변을 보다         | relieve oneself            |
| 일이 다 해결되다    | be settled                 |
| 잘 받다             | suit                       |
| 죽이 척척 잘 맞다   | click                      |
| 줄담배를 피다       | Chain-smoke                |
| 진을 다 빼놓다      | wipe A out                 |
| 질질 끌다           | drag out                   |
| 철들다              | grow up                    |
| 침을 흘리며 자다    | drool in one's sleep       |
| 커닝하다            | cheat                      |
| 털어놓다            | spit it out                |
| 튀다                | stand out                  |
| 포식하다            | pig out                    |
| 폼 잡다             | show off                   |
| 필름이 끊기다       | pass out                   |
| 한도액이 초과되다   | be overdrawn               |
| 할 말 있으면 해봐   | spill it                   |
| 화장을 고치다       | freshen up                 |
| 흐지부지 되다       | fizzle out                 |
| 힘이 나다           | perk A up                  |
| 가슴이 벅차다       | Be beside oneself with joy |
| 갈림길에 서다       | be at a crossroads         |
| 깨가 쏟아지다       | be in marital bliss        |
| 꿍꿍이가 있다       | be up to A                 |
| 끝내주는            | out of this world          |
| 넋을 잃은           | out of it                  |
| 다시 말해           | in other words             |
| 들볶다              | be on one's back           |
| 마음에 들다         | be into A                  |
| 말 나온 김에        | while we're on the subject |
| 말문이 막히다       | be at a loss for words     |
| 말썽이다            | be on the fritz            |
| 말이 아니다         | be in bad shape            |
| 방송을 타다         | Be on the air              |
| 약을 복용 중이다    | be on medication           |
| 빼도 박도 못하다    | get in a bind              |
| 생각 없다           | be not in the mood         |
| 생각해 보니         | on second thought          |
| 스포트라이트를 받다 | be in spotlight            |
| 슬럼프에 빠지다     | be in a slump              |
| 신경이 날카롭다     | be on edge                 |
| 신세를 지다         | be in one's debt           |
| 엉망진창            | in a mess                  |
| 엽기                | off the wall               |
| 예상이 빗나가다     | Be off the mark            |
| 오락가락하다        | off and on                 |
| 우등생이다          | be on the dean's list      |
| 운이 없다           | be out of luck             |
| 유행에 뒤지다       | be behind the times        |
| 잘 다루다           | be good with               |
| 재미삼아            | just for fun               |
| 적당히              | in moderation              |
| 적중하다            | be right on target         |
| 제정신이야?         | Are you out of mind?       |
| 주연을 맡다         | Who's in it?               |

<br>

121 page

| 쥐여사는                 | Under one's thumb              |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------ |
| 지척이다                 | be in the same neighborhood    |
| ~하기 직전이다           | be on the verge of             |
| 첫 단추를 잘못 끼우다    | be off to a bad start          |
| 촉각을 곤두세우다        | on the alert                   |
| TV에 나오다              | be on TV                       |
| 편 들다                  | be on one's slide              |
| 푹 빠지다                | be really into A               |
| 한물가다                 | be out of date                 |
| 한창때                   | in one's day                   |
| 한턱 내다                | be on A                        |
| 호흡이 잘 맞다           | be in perfect step             |
| 결실을 맺다              | come into fruition             |
| 공부벌레                 | Bookworm                       |
| 공주병                   | princess complex               |
| 내리막길로 접어들다      | go downhill                    |
| 머리가 녹슬다            | Get rusty                      |
| 눈 깜짝할 사이           | in the blink of an eye         |
| 눈에 뭐가 씌이다         | pull the wool over one's eyes  |
| 눈 하나 깜짝하지 않다    | not bat an eye                 |
| 돈세탁                   | money laundering               |
| 자판기가 돈을 먹다       | Eat one's money                |
| 돌풍을 일으키다          | take A by storm                |
| 등을 돌리다              | turn one's back on             |
| 매듭 짓다                | tie up the loose ends          |
| 물과 기름                | like oil and water             |
| 밤이나 낮이나            | day and night                  |
| 벼룩시장                 | flea market                    |
| 비가 오나 눈이 오나      | rain or shine                  |
| 빙산의 일각              | tip of the iceberg             |
| 사탕발림                 | sugarcoat                      |
| 살얼음판을 걷다          | walk on thin ice               |
| 살을 붙이다              | add some meat to               |
| 숨 쉴 틈도 없이          | hardly have time to breathe    |
| 스스로 자기 무덤을 파다  | dig one's own grave            |
| 어깨가 가벼워지다        | a load off one's shoulders     |
| 어깨가 무겁다            | be a weight on one's shoulders |
| 얼굴에 다 씌어 있다      | be written all over one's face |
| 얼굴이 두꺼운            | Thick-skinned                  |
| 얼다                     | freeze up                      |
| 여우 같다                | as sly as a fox                |
| 요람에서 무덤까지        | from the cradle to the grave   |
| 입이 귀에 걸리다         | grin from ear to ear           |
| 점수를 잃다              | get points off                 |
| 죽기 아니면 까무러치기   | do or die                      |
| 짜릿한 감정              | sparks                         |
| 찬물을 끼얹다            | throw cold water on A          |
| 첫눈에 반하다            | love at first sight            |
| 초읽기에 들어가다        | start the countdown            |
| 하루아침에               | overnight                      |
| 한 발 늦다               | one step behind                |
| 한 발 앞서다             | one step ahead of              |
| 허리띠를 졸라매다        | tighten one's belt             |
| 희생양                   | scapegoat                      |
| 1지망                    | first pick                     |
| 가상현실                 | virtual reality                |
| 가위 바위 보             | Rock, paper, scissors          |
| 가정적인 사람            | family man                     |
| 공복에                   | on an empty stomach            |
| 교과서대로               | by the book                    |
| 구구절절                 | every single word              |
| 그림같은                 | picture-perfect                |
| 늘 먹던 메뉴             | the usual                      |
| 더도 말고 덜도 말고      | no more, no less               |
| 동전의 양면              | two sides to every coin        |
| 뒤풀이                   | after-party                    |
| 딱이다                   | perfect fit                    |
| 롱다리                   | long legs                      |
| 말 뿐이다                | all talk                       |
| 사활이 달렸다            | a matter of life and death     |
| 삼세판                   | two out of three               |
| 상대가 안 되다           | no match                       |
| 생머리                   | straight hair                  |
| 선착순                   | first come, first served       |
| 술 배                    | beer belly                     |
| 시간문제                 | only a matter of time          |
| 아침형 인간, 저녁형 인간 | morning person, night person   |
| 알 건 다 아는 나이       | old enough to know what's up   |
| 양보다 질                | Quality, not quantity          |
| 얼짱                     | good looks                     |
| 역효과                   | opposite effect                |
| 요령                     | a way                          |
| 운명의 장난              | a twist of fate                |
| 이것저것                 | this and that                  |
| 죽겠다                   | ~ to death                     |
| 죽인다                   | killer                         |
| 집들이                   | Housewarming (party)           |
| 징크스                   | jinx                           |
| 처음이자 마지막          | the first and last time        |
| 첫인상                   | first impression               |
| 컴맹                     | computer illiterate            |
| 한 잔 더                 | one more drink                 |
| 가깝고도 먼              | so near and yet so far         |
| 겉 다르고 속 다른        | two-faced                      |
| 군것질하다               | eat a snack                    |
| 그늘에 가려              | be in one's shadow             |
| 끼니를 거르다            | skip a meal                    |
| 난관에 부딪치다          | hit a snag                     |
| 날을 잡다                | pick a date                    |

<br>

174 page

| 눈이 마주치다          | eyes meet                    |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| 단서를 잡다            | find a clue                  |
| 대가를 (톡톡히) 치르다 | pay the price                |
| 돌이킬 수 없는         | no turning back              |
| 두말없이               | no questions asked           |
| 마음을 비우다          | clear one's mind             |
| 만원이다               | be overflowing with people   |
| 머리를 스치다          | cross one's mind             |
| 목소리를 가다듬다      | clear one's throat           |
| 무리하다               | overdo it                    |
| 문자 그대로            | literally                    |
| 발이 시리다            | my legs are frozen           |
| 밥이 찰지다            | the rice is sticky           |
| 병가를 내다            | take sick leave              |
| 본색을 드러내다        | show one's true colors       |
| 볼 만하다              | worth watching               |
| 불을 빌리다            | borrow a light               |
| 붙어다니다             | stick together               |
| 사진이 잘 나왔다       | pictures came out great      |
| 상상에 맡기다          | leave A to one's imagination |
| 상처 주다              | hurt one's feelings          |
| 선을 긋다              | draw the line                |
| 설익은                 | undercooked                  |
| 손꼽아 기다리다        | count down the days          |
| 손에 잡히는 대로       | Grab what one can            |
| 스트레스 받다          | be stressed out              |
| 시간을 내다            | spare some times             |
| 시간을 주다            | give A some time             |
| 시원섭섭하다           | bittersweet                  |
| 쌍수를 들고 환영하다   | welcome A with open arms     |
| 아무도 못 말려         | there's no stopping A        |
| 액면 그대로 받아들이다 | take A at face value         |
| 예전 같지 않다         | not like one used to be      |
| 운에 맡기다            | leave that to chance         |
| 일방적                 | one-sided                    |
| 임자를 만나다          | meet one's match             |
| 자기 중심적인          | Self-centered                |
| 잔을 부딪히다          | touch glasses                |
| 잔을 비우다            | drink up                     |
| 재충전하다             | recharge one's batteries     |
| 죽었다                 | one is dead                  |
| 타고나다               | be born with                 |
| 하늘에 맡기다          | leave it to fate             |
| 한도 끝도 없다         | No end to A                  |
| 1인분                  | one order                    |
| 각양각색               | different walks of life      |
| 그날                   | that time of the month       |
| 그럭저럭 지내다        | just get by                  |
| 극과 극                | Both ends of the spectrum    |
| 금슬이 좋다            | the perfect married couple   |
| 꼭두새벽               | an ungodly hour              |
| 느낌이 통하다          | someone with a like mind     |
| 단골                   | a regular                    |
| 대단한 미인            | a real knockout              |
| 뒤죽박죽               | topsy-turvy                  |
| 마음이 조마조마하다    | a bundle of nerves           |
| 만만하게 보다          | pushover                     |
| 모교                   | alma master                  |
| 박빙의 승부            | close race                   |
| 발판                   | stepping stone               |
| 백수로 지내다          | bum around                   |
| 법 없이도 살 사람      | straight shooter             |
| 별로다                 | notihing special             |
| 빈털터리               | flat broke                   |
| 서광이 비치다          | glimmer of hope              |
| 식당의 세트메뉴        | combo                        |
| 손에 꼽을 정도         | one in a million             |
| 숫기가 없다            | a bit on the shy side        |
| 암표를 사다            | Buy a scalped ticket         |
| 온갖 핑계를 다 대다    | Be full of excuses           |
| 아상형                 | the man of my dreams         |
| 입소문                 | word of mouth                |
| 잘 어울리는 한 쌍      | Lovely couple                |
| 잘 풀릴 기미           | signs of recovery            |
| 장난꾸러기             | prankster                    |
| 장난 아니다            | something else               |
| 절호의 기회            | chance of a lifetime         |
| 첨단                   | cutting-edge                 |
| 체감 온도              | wind chill (factor)          |
| 최악이다               | piece of crap                |
| 토박이                 | Born and bred                |
| 폐를 끼치다            | be a burden                  |
| 허풍(떨다)             | Empty promises               |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |
|                        |                              |

