# TOEIC 2018 10 26



## 1

Hello, I'm calling because I'd like to to temporarily stop my mail delivery. I'm going to be out of town for the next two weeks.

<br>

Certainly, We can hold your mail here at the post office for you. But you'll need to put in your request at least a day before you leave.

<br>

That sounds great. Do I need to come into the office and complete a form?

<br>

No, actually, you have to submit the hold mail form on our Web site.

<br>

## 2

Thank you for the generous introduction, Mr. Park. I am delighted to be here tonight to receive this prestigious award. I have been an avid reader since my childhood, but my interest in writing didn't start until I was at university when I wrote for a campus newspaper. At around the same time, I started writing short stories as a hobby. I never imagined that my hobby would turn into a career! If Mr. Oberly, my agent, hadn't encouraged me to submit my writing to publishers ten years ago, I wouldn't be standing here today; so, Mr. Oberly, thank you --- I couldn't have asked for a better agent. I would also like to thank all of my readers --- I will continue to share my stories with you.

<br>

## 3

Good morning. I'm here to talk about the new security system. This week the security department will be contacting each of you to set up an appointment to get your picture taken. The security department will use the pictures to make an identification card for each employee. You must wear your identification card at all times while you're on company property. Your card will also unlock the doors of the building, so, unlike now, you will not be able to enter the building without it. We're confident the new security system will make our company a safer place to work.

<br>

## 4

At Monterrey's Cycle shop, we're making it easier than ever for the whole family to stay in shape and enjoy the outdoors. This summer, we're offering special savings opportunities. When you buy two or more items, you will receive a 30% discount on your purchase. That's a huge savings! And be sure to stop in and see our great selection of children's bikes. All purchases for children include a free video about bicycle safety. So come by soon and let the fun begin at Monterrey's!

<br>

## 5

Ms. Hughes? It's Martin Johnson here, the owner of the building. I'm calling to let you and other tenants know that city workers will be making some repairs on the building's waterlines on Saturday, May 12. They'll be turning off the water between 8 A.M. and 4 P.M. I would suggest making arrangements to be out of the apartment that day, since the repair work will probably be fairly noisy. Please give me a call at 555-0122 if you have any questions. Thanks.

<br>

## 6

I got our warehouse's safety report from the city inspector this morning. The inspector, Mr Yang, was here last week, and I'm happy to report that he only noted a few things we should fix so they don't become problems. Mr. Yang had one major suggestion — to replace the railing on the stairway. After the meeting ends, I'll e-mail a list of the other issues we need to address. 

<br>

## 7

Hi, Mr. Reed, this is Margo from Tweed Menswear. I'm calling to let you know that we're finished with the alterations on the trousers you purchased. The shop will be closed next week, so if you're unable to pick them up by Friday, you'll have to wait until we reopen on September first. Thank you again for your business, and we hope to see you soon.

<br>

## 8

Welcome to the sixth annual Corzell Technology Convention. I know you're looking forward to a weekend filled with software demonstrations, workshops, and some fantastic exhibits of the latest computer technology. Those of you who participated in previous conventions will notice something new this year - we now have internet access in all our meeting rooms. One final note: if you're planning to attend the computer networking workshop, the weekend's final activity, there's been a change. It will be held in the Hudson Room, not the Bayside Center.

<br>

## 9

Hello, this is Natasha Klein. I had dinner at your restaurant last night, and I think I left my mobile phone there. I was sitting in a booth at the back of the dining room, and my purse  was on the seat. The phone must have fallen out when I took out my credit card to pay for dinner. Could you please call and let me know if the phone's been found? If so, I could stop by this afternoon to pick it up. You can reach me at my work number -- 555-0196. Thank you.

<br>

## 10

I know you've all been waiting to find out who our board of directors selected to receive the Graystone Achievement Award. This award recognizes an employee who's really contributed a lot to our work here at LC Sportwear. This year we're proud to present the award to Juan Mendez from the graphic design department. He did an outstanding job creating our new company logo. This image is what consumers see on every one of our athletic products, and Juan's striking design is sure to attract more attention.

<br>

## 11

Attention Tuckman Department Store customers. Stop by the home decorating department to meet renowned interior designer, Midori Nagai. At noon she'll be giving a presentation on her top ten home decorating tips. She will explain ways to decorate on a budget by using items you probably already have around the house. She has included many of these suggestions in her new book, In Your Home. And after her presentation, Ms. Nagai will be signing copies of her book. Don't miss today's special event, and thank you for shopping at Tuckman's!

<br>

## 12

Mr. Durand, this is Laura Chong. I've just finished the safety inspection of your lab and wanted to let you know the results. Overall, your facility passes with high marks, so you're in good shape. Most of the things I looked at, such as whether the floor was clear of objects and the equipment was properly stored, were fine. The only thing you need to do is put up a sign indicating where the fire extinguisher is. All of your workers may know where it is, but someone new who comes to the lab would need to know where to find it.

<br>

## 13

Good afternoon. As vice president of the Bach Company sales division, I am proud to share with you today some extremely positive news. Our company has just reported a second-quarter gain of nearly 10 percent in sales. I attribute this growth to excellent customer service and the expansion of our product line. I am sure you will all be pleased to know that the positive growth of our firm ensures that all employees will receive a bonus in May.

<br>

## 14

Hi, Susan. This is Mike calling from Atlantic Publishers. I know you're in Miami on vacation, but I'm calling regarding your manuscript. Before you left for this trip, I think you sent us the wrong version of your book by mistake. I began to make changes, and then I realized that this was the old version. I need your final manuscript as soon as possible so that I can review it and send it to the printing company. They are still hoping to print it by the end of next month. I'll be in Houston on business for a few days, but you can reach me on my cell phone. Have a good vacation, Susan, and I'll talk to you soon.

<br>

## 15

In today's business news, Patel Enterprises announced a drop in profits of seven percent in its fourth quarter. According to the company's owner, the loss was most likely due to an increase in the price of steel. Patel is the largest construction company in the area and has been hurt before by increases in the price of building materials, such as steel. This quarter's loss of seven percent makes Patel a very attractive candidate for purchase by other companies. In fact, Dinh Industries, Patel's main competitor, has expressed interest in purchasing Patel for thirty-seven million dollars. It remains to be seen whether the owner of Patel will take this offer.

<br>

## 16

Are you looking for a travel agency with a solid reputation and a knowledgeable staff? Then look no further than Benson's Travel Agency located in downtown Andover. Benson's Travel Agency has been in business for 30 years, helping customers book reasonably priced trips worldwide. We specialize in tours in Asia, especially of Japan and Korea. In fact, we're currently offering discount airfare on 10-day guided trips to Tokyo, Osaka, and Kyoto. Or if you are planning a trip to Europe and Latin America, our expert agents can assist you with all of the arrangements. Just give us a call at 256-3458 or stop by our conveniently located office.

<br>

## 17

229 